so girls will go there and I will
put a cup
okay but a chip is quite big boy of
rice is and I will put sock type because
respect I have to wait
He's a little bigger, yes, yes.
how to make a cup and a half I'm
using this reason I prefer rice that
do not be valued tac is that rice
normal or cheaper where you have it
and now we will ask
feel a little bit and from the angel to Lent
and it hits again and it's okay, people
knows the importance that the mass here looks
How did you stay alone with me?
now you're going to get a virose wine
with a sieve so we'll improve this
rice
You pick it up and Rose stays here.
and put it in the cup.
then we're leftover trifle here
Rice is just a little bit like that.
compare so much that yields hour
rendered are here but this one I do not
I know that he'll put it on
another phase line and the day that I want
to make a kind of chamomile tea I
I put Chávez indicated the name there.
inside is and passed in the face that helps give
one calmed the pimples these things
like this
I'll come back and pozinho targets for
kaká hit to meet blender and
I'm going to hit a little more
I think of sifting 6-star people but there
will you be able to taste the customer that
I like it, it's fine because I
I can use this mix up here to
do skin cleansing too why
I like to make it look fine, and I
I think it's better than the sugar I see
a lot of people talk does skin cleansing
with sugar I prefer this one here I am
I'll show you why.
so everything good that it gave from here
Look how much order is left for us.
thin
the goal is to stay well
in this case you may want to make a
exfoliation it does not attack both the skin
is the sugar is sometimes irritating to the skin
for he held something like that and
This one is fine, fine one.
very dusty
Now I'm going to put this mixture in
pot here
so boy here is everything that we
You need to make our face but it ta
rojo batidinho already venerated and everything else and
I 'll just put it here and measure it
For you to have a notion, then I
I'll put a deadly two spoon
I do not do the measurement, do not choose well.
and sky very full on and I'll put it now
a little bit of that actually people
is the text this mask with several
soaps and everything else that I most
I liked it with this soap the mix
of soap with this soap here
cologne and milk soap
colony is in my opinion that was the
best way
this mask
so now I'll put a little
here and if both
I already do well, gold, you know I already know
what is the texture that I like and everything
more
and now I'm going to put this foam
here together it's ok, let's go there
the state says lung
I got this much foam that is
Now you're going to mix well.
Soft for you, do not take this effect
of the foam is in this focus here you go
stir well to smooth vc not both lose
espuminha same thing you also
Chechen, a loaf of bread, okay.
slowly
the camera is blurring
so people here she stays this way
So well aerated, it's even here for me.
I'm going to add four more buns
I like her faster
I took time to move it and it ended
little foam that the cap broke down here
inside
It's okay, but her texture is fine.
firm neighbor very firm even people look
for example the attack on the harvest and
do not cost fall know arrive do not fall from
Pot if you see it that way
What you do is she does not even get to
fallen can here for me this texture
The ideal of this mask is only for you.
have an idea how she stays here
she stays like this and I'll pass it on
way here across my face I're
I prefer to go with the spatula without so
I'm going through and a half depositing
in the face of acim sale and leave act
around a quarter of an hour and she
It will turn red in your face.
Then you go and it's after she had
here you will come with a wet hand to
pass on her good looking hand
time you have all the wet mask of
new you can have circular motions
very slowly and doing a massage a
exfoliation on your face are we
This mask that I always told
You and I'm using it, it 's a good time.
These days I stopped using it and everything
more but I quite like the effect it
she gives
It helps in the pimples so much that I go
because I gave her an allergy and she gives
again she helped me a lot when I
have allergies and had a lot of thorn in her
helped me a lot so that's why I
I'll make you
if you always ask me to do
So you're there for my recipe.
nothing is more than fine rice
Pinera dinho with this soap from here
avon lily striations kim and this milk of
colony which is one actually a
facial cleaning foam can also be
a little blue one here is the dark green
But there 's blue that's the same thing, I guess.
I hope you liked a kiss.
and even more tchan